fix: ckBTC typo and finality time (#3089)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/multi-chain/chain-key-tokens/ckbtc/making-transactions.mdx

</div>

:::info

> Since this is a real bitcoin transaction, the finality time will take about 10 minutes and will be charged the Bitcoin network's transaction fees.

Reviewer: This is not correct! It now takes 6 (and no longer 12) confirmations, so it should say 1 hour here.

ckBTC transactions are quite different from BTC transactions:

> - Speed: ckBTC transactions can be completed with 1-2 second finality time, compared to the average BTC time of 10 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Speed: ckBTC transactions can be completed with 1-2 second finality time, compared to the average time of 10 minutes to mine a Bitcoin block.
```
